hi I'm Tina McAllister ebook coach ghost
writer and editor and here's another
ebook writing tip for you sort of before
you even start the writing part if
you're kind of stuck and not quite sure
what to write about you know that you
have the information you're full of
information that you can hand over to
your target market but you're wondering
exactly what you should write about or
sort of what tack you should take with
your ebook who do you go to it all
really kind of starts with your target
market right because those are the
people that you want to read your ebook
or if this is a revenue generator you
want them to buy your ebook so go to
your target market go to your current
clients ask them what is their biggest
problem that you can help solve you know
come up with surveys there's there's
websites such as surveymonkey com and
easy internet survey calm and you know
come up with little small not too long
surveys and find out you know what do
people within your target not market not
the rest of the free world but your
target market what is the biggest
problem and then you can figure out hey
how can i solve that and how can I
provide information via an e-book in
order to solve that one last place that
you can think about finding your target
market and hitting them up with this
question our forums and discussion
groups you should already be kind of
hanging out in these areas anyways you
know because you should be rubbing
elbows with your target market right so
it really shouldn't be too difficult to
find these people and hopefully you'll
be able to find a small handful at least
that will be very forthright and honest
with you and tell you what their biggest
problem is and then from that you can
figure out what ebook to write in order
to really solve a problem for your niche
and for your particular target market